domains/xmrwallet.cc/README.md, before:

# xmrwallet.cc — Escape Domain #1

**xmrwallet.cc** is an alternative domain for the xmrwallet.com scam operation, registered in February 2026 during active PhishDestroy investigation.

## Quick Facts
| | |
|---|---|
| **Domain** | xmrwallet.cc |
| **Status** | 🔴 Active |
| **Registered** | **2026-02-04** ← same week research published |
| **Expires** | 2034-02-04 (8 years prepaid) |
| **Registrar** | PDR Ltd. d/b/a PublicDomainRegistry.com |
| **Registrar abuse** | abuse@publicdomainregistry.com |
| **IP** | 185.129.100.248 |
| **ASN** | AS57724 — DDOS-GUARD LTD 🇷🇺 Rostov-na-Donu |
| **NS** | ns1/ns2.ddos-guard.net |
| **MX** | mx1/mx2.privateemail.com ← **identical to xmrwallet.com** |
| **SPF** | spf.privateemail.com ← **identical to xmrwallet.com** |
| **TXT** | google-site-verification=o3HCvM6FgHp89HNNASmbe2J3ksVtxMvDzYYk-UP3VsY |
| **WOT** | `8a5554c915e3c17278a7` ← reputation manipulation |
| **VT files** | 23 file hashes identified |
| **VT ASN** | AS57724 confirmed |

## Why This Domain Was Registered
Operator's own words: *"Circumvent Country Blockages: Our official domains: xmrwallet.com, xmrwallet.cc, xmrwallet.biz"*

Registered the same week PhishDestroy published full technical evidence. Paid 8 years in advance. Uses bullet-proof DDoS-Guard infrastructure (Russia). PDR registrar is documented for slow/no abuse response.

## Single Operator Proof
MX records (mx1/mx2.privateemail.com) are **identical across all three domains** — same email inbox = same operator. Not circumstantial — it's technically conclusive.

## WOT Verification
`wot-verification: 8a5554c915e3c17278a7` found in page HTML. The operator registered this domain on Web of Trust to manage trust scores and suppress scam warnings in WOT browser extensions **before the domain was publicly announced**.

## VirusTotal File Hashes (23 identified)
```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```
Cross-check: `https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/[HASH]`

## DNS Map
See [DNSDumpster map](../../docs/img/dnsmap-xmrwallet-cc.png)

## Report
- abuse@publicdomainregistry.com
- abuse@ddos-guard.net
- https://www.virustotal.com/gui/domain/xmrwallet.cc
- https://safebrowsing.google.com/safebrowsing/report_phish/
- https://phish.report/

## Full Evidence
https://phishdestroy.github.io/DO-NOT-USE-xmrwallet-com/

Commit message:

Update: xmrwallet.biz + .cc SUSPENDED, operator deleted evidence — site + domains updated

domains/xmrwallet.cc/README.md, after:

# xmrwallet.cc — Escape Domain #1 — ✅ SUSPENDED

**xmrwallet.cc** is an alternative domain for the xmrwallet.com scam operation, registered in February 2026 during active PhishDestroy investigation. **Domain has been suspended following abuse reports.**

## Quick Facts
| | |
|---|---|
| **Domain** | xmrwallet.cc |
| **Status** | ✅ **SUSPENDED** — registrar acted on abuse reports |
| **Suspended** | February 2026 |
| **Registered** | **2026-02-04** ← same week research published |
| **Expires** | 2034-02-04 (8 years prepaid) |
| **Registrar** | PDR Ltd. d/b/a PublicDomainRegistry.com |
| **Registrar abuse** | abuse@publicdomainregistry.com |
| **IP** | 185.129.100.248 |
| **ASN** | AS57724 — DDOS-GUARD LTD 🇷🇺 Rostov-na-Donu |
| **NS** | ns1/ns2.ddos-guard.net |
| **MX** | mx1/mx2.privateemail.com ← **identical to xmrwallet.com** |
| **SPF** | spf.privateemail.com ← **identical to xmrwallet.com** |
| **TXT** | google-site-verification=o3HCvM6FgHp89HNNASmbe2J3ksVtxMvDzYYk-UP3VsY |
| **WOT** | `8a5554c915e3c17278a7` ← reputation manipulation |
| **VT files** | 23 file hashes identified |
| **VT ASN** | AS57724 confirmed |

## Why This Domain Was Registered
Operator's own words: *"Circumvent Country Blockages: Our official domains: xmrwallet.com, xmrwallet.cc, xmrwallet.biz"*

Registered the same week PhishDestroy published full technical evidence. Paid 8 years in advance. Uses bullet-proof DDoS-Guard infrastructure (Russia). PDR registrar is documented for slow/no abuse response.

## Single Operator Proof
MX records (mx1/mx2.privateemail.com) are **identical across all three domains** — same email inbox = same operator. Not circumstantial — it's technically conclusive.

## WOT Verification
`wot-verification: 8a5554c915e3c17278a7` found in page HTML. The operator registered this domain on Web of Trust to manage trust scores and suppress scam warnings in WOT browser extensions **before the domain was publicly announced**.

## VirusTotal File Hashes (23 identified)
```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```
Cross-check: `https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/[HASH]`

## DNS Map
See [DNSDumpster map](../../docs/img/dnsmap-xmrwallet-cc.png)

## Report
- abuse@publicdomainregistry.com
- abuse@ddos-guard.net
- https://www.virustotal.com/gui/domain/xmrwallet.cc
- https://safebrowsing.google.com/safebrowsing/report_phish/
- https://phish.report/

## Full Evidence
https://phishdestroy.github.io/DO-NOT-USE-xmrwallet-com/
